Faculty Office Hours: Hello.
Faculty Office Hours: Everyone.
Faculty Office Hours: how's everyone tonight.
Good.
Faculty Office Hours: I got your text care I didn't get a chance to sex you back, I was driving home and then having dinner.
Karen Fireman: sorry about that.
Karen Fireman: No worries.
Faculty Office Hours: Exactly anytime just know that if i'm busy I won't touch back right away.
Faculty Office Hours: I will text you back as soon as I can but.
Karen Fireman: Can I can I ask a question, though yeah.
Karen Fireman: Of course, I tried to do, I mean I took as I told you forever to get it through your your very fast, what I would call 78 version of of the the lecture and I did it back on 33 speak basically anyway.
Karen Fireman: i'm trying to plug everything into the for the homework but it seemed to not work, not real but but recognize my URL and I didn't know why I created a name and it didn't know it.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so yeah we can walk through those files and look at that what I want to do first of all, quick, though, is make sure you're not stuck on homework one so let's do Thursday and then we'll come back the homework, do you just so that I don't wanna.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't want to.
Faculty Office Hours: We got two weeks for this one are we are, we can have for this one, so I want to make sure that no one's talking homework one.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, if if everybody's good with homework one will move on to homework to, and then we can kind of work through these issues and and what you're asking, I think, will help a lot of people to.
Faculty Office Hours: I just want to make sure I get people might be stuck on homework one, taking care of society Thursday and then we'll go into to the homework to and material from Thursday, but I like you'll see it's pretty simple.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, anybody online have issues with homework one.
Question sure.
Jim Clark: Jim so one of the there were two problems that was the second bullet was saving and loading a job job lip file and have.
Jim Clark: In the pipeline and and going through the lectures, they are pulling.
Jim Clark: Something is not in the directory is coming out from the web and and getting it, and so what I can run them.
Jim Clark: But I don't know that I have I haven't found a file that I can plug in Instead of that, so what I was just trying to understand if you want us to run it to see that we can make make that file run or whether we need to find a suitable replacement file.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah it is get your own data set and replace my data set and then use your own data set and just split it so you can like go look at like some stuff made over the summer, Dr Jones.
Faculty Office Hours: You know and pull one of those data sets but yeah it's just it's basically take the template I did for the pickle file.
Faculty Office Hours: and replace it with your data set and then take the template I did for the mo live, I mean that the pipeline and the job live take that one and put your own data into it just make it kind of take that as a template.
Faculty Office Hours: And then yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Karen like you Karen said just take a few columns or data from capturing the perfect like have a why a couple of don't worry about it, even if it's like you know if it predicts although we're about validity that's not the point of this class I.
Jim Clark: Know i've got i've got exactly what Karen suggestion yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so that's exactly what what what what else.
Jim Clark: Well, that that's easy I can do that yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Absolutely yeah yeah so i'm i'm just i'm just giving you the template in the example, so that you can plug it in with your own data, which is the kind of the way we do real life to code in real life, these you know okay anyway so.
Jim Clark: Very good, thank you that's it.
Faculty Office Hours: anybody else with.
Faculty Office Hours: Questions all.
Faculty Office Hours: homework wise.
Karen Fireman: If I can just make a comment for you, Jim something I ran into if your if your data is not like Oracle you have to come in out a couple lines that asked you for.
Karen Fireman: The printing.
Karen Fireman: How close yeah um because it won't it won't work because it's not kind of your phone doesn't matter you can comment those out.
Faculty Office Hours: If you're getting like if you get any errors and, like the validity checks.
Faculty Office Hours: feel free to comment them out, unlike you know those if that's not working right for you all want to know all and see if she brought in some data you split it to X and y.
Faculty Office Hours: You ran a model you save that model and then you predicted against that model if some of the validity checks are throwing in some areas.
Faculty Office Hours: don't don't worry about it just comment that code out you won't be counted off.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it'll just be hey did you bring your own data set it just split it X and y you know build a model against it, save it to those files read that following and then do a prediction, so I mean you know that's that's, the only thing i'm looking for there.
Faculty Office Hours: Right anybody else online have questions about homework one.
Faculty Office Hours: So i'll make sure I get any of those questions out of the way before we go into homework to in the lecture material from Thursday.
Faculty Office Hours: i'll give it like 30 more seconds and if I hear no one we can jump into.
Faculty Office Hours: into homework to in the lecture stuff and walk walk through that and then also also if anybody had get anybody SAS break when they install docker.
Faculty Office Hours: I need to post up the fix and i'll do that i'll do that here tomorrow.
Faculty Office Hours: see a chat thanks for chatting oh OK.
Faculty Office Hours: OK, you said sats.
Faculty Office Hours: systems are set sets him set up that says your SAS isn't working again, yes, yes, as as we had discussed in the class like I installed the docker docker is working fine but faith is not working, and I guess, I mean I haven't tried to change those environment variables right.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so So if you want me to fix it real quick and that way people can see do you mind sharing your screen sure, and then we can fix that file and then.
Faculty Office Hours: we'll have it on video, for one thing and then i'll also i'll post the fixed.
Faculty Office Hours: I meant to do it this week I gotcha but i'll get that posted up later at night or in the morning or tomorrow sometime.
David Purkiss: yeah thanks Thank you gupta for modeling that for us.
Karen Fireman: And we're is that file you're going to be fixing, because I think we'll all need to go to it.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, it'll a little what he shares the screen i'll show you.
Karen Fireman: Just tell us slowly.
Faculty Office Hours: Go see I.
Faculty Office Hours: grab it from the I think I have it in the Lacey one, second, let me know if you can see, and let me share, I guess, provide the control.
Faculty Office Hours: Actually.
Karen Fireman: Jimmy somewhere in the root drive or something.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's been see windows system.
32.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm trying to think I have right.
Karen Fireman: Here, but I don't have it.
Faculty Office Hours: Then i'll try to put grab the files are gonna put it, and I actually know what hey i'm gonna i'm gonna do i'm gonna have you go to that folder where it's at and then i'll have you if you don't mind a put in the chat window it'll be easier so windows and you can go to a system 3232.
Faculty Office Hours: And you're going to go to etsy etc, etc.
etc.
Faculty Office Hours: it's gonna be.
Faculty Office Hours: All once I got I got a.
David Purkiss: Maybe a hidden file.
Karen Fireman: How do you how do you do a hidden file.
David Purkiss: Just uncheck it.
Karen Fireman: Oh, I see.
Gupta, Satyam: files are shown here, so I guess we hold on one second.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me go.
Faculty Office Hours: I think it's good drivers I think it's driver's.
Faculty Office Hours: window system 32 drivers.
Faculty Office Hours: Then, etc sorry go back up to the top it's a folder etc so folder.
Faculty Office Hours: Wait a minute that so copy that path right there for me.
Faculty Office Hours: I put that in the chat so that way people can cut and paste it.
Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: I appreciate it.
Faculty Office Hours: A Christian just to answer your question it's the ml pipeline when.
Karen Fireman: you're.
Faculty Office Hours: There you go and then you're going to edit that host fall the top, but not the host is.
Faculty Office Hours: Double Click know you're going to right click on it and then hit edit.
Karen Fireman: With no.
Faculty Office Hours: We might have to.
Gupta, Satyam: gosh.
Karen Fireman: I already put the link in I mean the.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay he's already got it for us.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so there's two hosts one thing to note is a at the top notice, where he has file name extensions and hidden files, make sure.
That.
Faculty Office Hours: You might have.
Gupta, Satyam: Normally, probably, it might be like like this, so hit double twice like Double Click on the view, and then it will be like you know.
Faculty Office Hours: Make sure we.
Karen Fireman: Put that i'm sorry i'm really not following what you're saying.
Faculty Office Hours: So at the top of windows explorer DC where it says view.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Karen Fireman: So click view yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: And then you see in the in the ribbon bar that goes down to the far right, the third to the right.
there's I guess.
Faculty Office Hours: He yeah just make make sure that file name extensions and hidden names Thank you items are checked okay all right.
Faculty Office Hours: That way, when you have those track you'll be able to see the host file and obviously this host on ice, so you don't want to edit the ice is following and it just the plain host with no extension.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you right click on that.
Karen Fireman: And then, what do you say open with one know pen.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah are you edit with notepad plus plus.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So down at the bottom is the second to last line right there i'm gonna have you leave this open for a second.
Faculty Office Hours: don't close it right away.
Faculty Office Hours: mm hmm that we can so see 127 dot zero dot zero dot one.
Faculty Office Hours: And then see where it says Cooper daddy's right before Cooper nettie daddy's tight local host one word.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, a space.
Karen Fireman: We have to be an administrator and.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm i'm not sure if it's got a lot to say, but we might have to be a file save yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So yes, launch administrator mode So yes.
Faculty Office Hours: And now you can save it.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you get prompted this is why I had to do notepad plus plus because this is this one will detect that it's a thank you so much appreciate it.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't have a school laptop so I don't if I bring mine out mine's gonna have a lot more stuff than yours and their example bunch of other stuff installed said, I want to confuse people.
Karen Fireman: So now we should try and assess.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you might have to like reboot your machine.
Faculty Office Hours: So that because they have services and those services off the restart but if you've actually got the three but actually go to services i'll try to get there, so if you guys a little little on the bottom left.
Faculty Office Hours: windows.
Gupta, Satyam: yeah, so this is my cesspool query studio it didn't start so yeah, I guess, we need to reboot.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah So if you go down to the.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you go down the bottom left.
Faculty Office Hours: So, but not that one right to the right of that there's a little yeah click that and then that pops up type services.
Faculty Office Hours: and services, services APP up there, you can click that.
Faculty Office Hours: And then make that big so we can see in the mail look for SAS there's an alphabetical order.
Faculty Office Hours: So go down to so as.
Karen Fireman: You know the two of them.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so we're going to start to see see where it says let's just restart exclude a thing it's the it's going to be the I think it's the file server.
Faculty Office Hours: actually know what it might be not that one I think is you're trying to get enterprise monitor on right.
Gupta, Satyam: On this was for conscious to do but yeah I mean.
Karen Fireman: I mean eventually.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah i'm just trying to remember, they might not be under SAS.
Karen Fireman: But one of them is.
Gupta, Satyam: If you guys give me like one minute, I will be able to reboot and come back.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah let's just do that because i'll be easier and trying to.
Faculty Office Hours: Get trying to simplify this.
Karen Fireman: And the services thing what we'll be doing.
Faculty Office Hours: And I have to find the service for SAS.
Gupta, Satyam: Okay, so I will be dropping off and coming.
Under.
Faculty Office Hours: anybody else have questions, or are they trying to follow along and need me to look at their screen, they want to share.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh Karen satin is rebooting.
Christian Gover: she's but it's around the neural network code.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay we'll save that for last just because.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm working if that's okay.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I guess it's not that i'm trying to push people off, I just want to try to get I want to make sure we have the right work in the right, making sure they can move forward the homework.
Faculty Office Hours: And then go back to that if you don't mind.
Christian Gover: yeah no problem.
Faculty Office Hours: I appreciate it.
Faculty Office Hours: And then you get that makes sense, my answer in the chat to you right.
Christian.
Christian Gover: Yes, that's awesome you.
Faculty Office Hours: know no worries.
Faculty Office Hours: that's that's that's like the word of 2020 sorry I was on mute.
Christian Gover: me.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, like you know, like, I always have like what's word is like either coven or you know quarantine or social distancing but in the business world, I think the word is you're on mute.
Christian Gover: Your own you know me.
Gupta, Satyam: Okay, so just restarted back and click on the fast for cache.
Gupta, Satyam: size for cash to do let's see yep well is she giving the same error.
Faculty Office Hours: So, giving the same error.
Gupta, Satyam: yeah let me.
Faculty Office Hours: Think that's what's weird is because a.
Faculty Office Hours: lot of said this this fix worked for him that's so weird.
Gupta, Satyam: um Let me try something else, like this is self SAS for cash to do, let me try says nine point for.
Faculty Office Hours: That one probably or.
Gupta, Satyam: error.
Gupta, Satyam: So I guess not let me try you enterprise minor.
Faculty Office Hours: SEC i'm looking at below and he said that don't exactly what we did works for him.
Karen Fireman: i'm trying to.
Gupta, Satyam: And looks like enterprise minor is working.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay.
Gupta, Satyam: This is a strange.
Gupta, Satyam: Let me see if I can open a project.
Karen Fireman: Jamie yeah i'm mine said something about local host zero integration failed.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: When I was.
Karen Fireman: up here I mean I don't know if it'll let me do something.
Karen Fireman: Let me try I can't remember anything is true.
Faculty Office Hours: Is that your screen Karen.
Karen Fireman: Probably not.
No that's fine.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, I wasn't sure he was sure.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Gupta, Satyam: So I stopped sharing.
Jim Clark: Personally i'm kind of waiting to see what with with the sheet.
Jim Clark: yeah put out because i'm a little a little reluctant to without a net right now.
Karen Fireman: hey Karen easier.
Karen Fireman: yeah okay here.
Faculty Office Hours: Very your screen and let's look at your host follows.
Faculty Office Hours: Which is not a.
Faculty Office Hours: journey, the journey.
Karen Fireman: See what's up here.
Gupta, Satyam: yeah yeah sorry Jenny was saying.
Faculty Office Hours: The jurors enterprise minor.
Gupta, Satyam: Minor did, but to forecast your studio or 9.4 is not work, they both are not working.
Gupta, Satyam: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: My point for us not working that's weird.
Karen Fireman: Okay well.
Gupta, Satyam: let's.
Gupta, Satyam: Do that exercise minor is we're still working.
Faculty Office Hours: let's take care of us at your House follow up with us make sure.
Karen Fireman: yeah I was gonna go over there oops.
Karen Fireman: magnification.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so we just went into here um yeah we put it in the chat somewhere didn't wait cuz i'm yeah yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: If you have your notepad plus plus.
Faculty Office Hours: see it right there.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah very open.
Karen Fireman: yeah Okay, so I put in local host it's not what you want it.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah which what he had to put it before Cooper daddy's and that's what works.
Karen Fireman: well.
Faculty Office Hours: that's what makes enterprise my work.
Karen Fireman: over here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so that made enterprise minor work but i'm curious as to why.
Karen Fireman: Why.
Karen Fireman: i'm saying I don't know if i'm in is, of course.
Faculty Office Hours: that's Okay, yes, a little rewatch it and administrator will prompt you with the yes, again, I believe.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, it says it save again.
Karen Fireman: yeah I did i'm not going to get off again that's ridiculous i'll try and later um.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so what's the comment out certain lines if we if we wanted to use it, we can just comment out this whole yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you wanted to use it, you could.
Faculty Office Hours: comment you can, if you want it to use it, you can so, so this is what you do if you want to get enterprise minor working for this will probably break docker you comment out you comment out that line 27 you put a comment in front of it.
Faculty Office Hours: And then you can comment line.
Faculty Office Hours: 20 and 21.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so i'm gonna write that down wait a second so OK, to use SAS.
Faculty Office Hours: COM it.
Faculty Office Hours: outlines 27.
Karen Fireman: Okay comment out on 27.
Karen Fireman: yeah uncommon.
Karen Fireman: wouldn't lines.
Karen Fireman: 20 at 2120 and 21 okay.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah, then you can say that.
Karen Fireman: yeah Okay, thank you i'm.
Faculty Office Hours: Sorry, I was not aware of this, breaking SAS.
Faculty Office Hours: X it's it's a.
Faculty Office Hours: I might have to play with it after we get off here and.
Faculty Office Hours: And after this call and play with this and figure out how, if I can get where you get one host file and get it all working for you guys.
Faculty Office Hours: And gals.
Gupta, Satyam: Jimmy it was uncommon line 20 and.
Karen Fireman: Well, it depends if it's your i'll tell you.
Karen Fireman: um it was um you want to comment outline 27 and uncommon outlines 20 and 21 okay.
Gupta, Satyam: yeah Thank you, thank you.
Karen Fireman: Put in the chat.
Karen Fireman: And you know it don't forget to put the local host in it were here i'll show you.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah i'll uh I have sat on my laptop.
Faculty Office Hours: And I will i'll uh i'll play with this afterwards.
Faculty Office Hours: cuz.
Faculty Office Hours: it's kind of weird because hulu hello, I think I hope I pronounced his name properly.
Faculty Office Hours: Hello Hello saying it works for him the.
Faculty Office Hours: The.
Faculty Office Hours: doing it that way, so, but I do have full SAS I do have docker, and so I will I will get a version that'll work and what i'll do is i'll just i'll post out some instructions later tonight.
Faculty Office Hours: How to fix this and then, if anybody after I post the instructions if they if they still have problems just text me, and when I will will will will set up a time and fix it yeah i'm getting the same error on forecast Judea so let me i'll uh i'll i'll work through this.
Faculty Office Hours: Because that's interesting because blouse his his work he when he did what I just showed job so i'll have to look and see if.
Faculty Office Hours: What could be going on, see if I have to do some more extra or something but we'll come back we'll get i'll get that working this i'll work on that so as you get off.
Faculty Office Hours: On the office hours and i'll put together a little word Doc on how to fix it okay.
Faculty Office Hours: i'll take some screenshots.
Jim Clark: appreciated, thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah sorry I said I was not aware of this, breaking.
Faculty Office Hours: That this I did this last year I don't remember it breaking.
Faculty Office Hours: Breaking everything, so I will double check.
Faculty Office Hours: And figure out what the best way to make this work, so you guys just have to do one thing.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, so on we'll go past this and i'll give you guys instructions and gals.
Faculty Office Hours: To homework to only talked about Thursday.
Faculty Office Hours: I know Karen you were asking about the.
Faculty Office Hours: Like what to use for the URL.
Karen Fireman: yeah because I put one in and it didn't recognize it.
Faculty Office Hours: up with So if you go and look at the docker run command right that's that runs the container right you look at your docker file, so do you want to share your screen and then opener.
Faculty Office Hours: You don't mind we'll.
Faculty Office Hours: Know we'll we'll walk two years and then I just find it easier to kind of walk you guys through the solutions and then your classmates end up learning as well.
Karen Fireman: yeah I put the files in here.
Faculty Office Hours: As far as perfect.
Karen Fireman: With my case of library in their.
Faculty Office Hours: Fields it the at at.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, see that at at that report, for the first ad ad is the is the is the port running on docker and the second one is the port that facing the world so speak right.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, so you're going to be for free or testing you're going to do it now that name there that's just the name of your docker container your docker image I go to your doctor fall.
Karen Fireman: Okay, my docker file.
Faculty Office Hours: Is one to the left of that, I think.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, yeah.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so I put that in and I changed.
Karen Fireman: I didn't have to change.
Faculty Office Hours: To change anything really there.
Faculty Office Hours: are like they're like wait a minute.
Karen Fireman: Oh, this is the name of my.
Faculty Office Hours: that's your Python see where it says expose at at.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah to expose at at is the port that we're.
Faculty Office Hours: Exposing inside a docker container to the outside world, and so, if you look at that run command he had Ada the colon at at.
Faculty Office Hours: France, what you're saying from the outside world you're in a Communist add on the inside world and that container that's running there will be exposed as ADHD so you're just you're gonna go ad ad ad ad.
Faculty Office Hours: Right now let's look at your.
Faculty Office Hours: boy hey it's your ks fl eibar.
Karen Fireman: dot RON okay so.
Faculty Office Hours: A little slowly right.
Karen Fireman: Okay, do you know how to get rid of all this junk.
Faculty Office Hours: I do, but.
Karen Fireman: yummy later, maybe later.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah, the problem is, is what we can do the nuclear weapons get rid of it all.
Karen Fireman: Right good ever to me like do later I.
Faculty Office Hours: Know there's a way, so you got your to your APP route that's perfect that's your.
Karen Fireman: that's going to fit in there.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you're 127 001 colin's you know slash you know.
Faculty Office Hours: Very yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: slash cast flavor and I got out of the bottle.
Karen Fireman: By the way, everybody don't use capitals if it throws it out.
He.
Faculty Office Hours: already knows get out of the bottle.
Karen Fireman: Oh, is this right here, this is my file name.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's your file name.
Karen Fireman: My pickle file is that right.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm assuming, you have to look.
Faculty Office Hours: At your.
Karen Fireman: yeah I put it in.
Karen Fireman: The literature folder.
Faculty Office Hours: At the bottom Karen.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay he's here for at at there.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so that's saying you when you run that Python file you're running a sport at let's.
Faculty Office Hours: hear me that files around is ADHD and the docker file the Expos at at as a security thing so that you're saying hey when I run this docker container I want to expose the sport at at because I have this Python file running on port 80.
Faculty Office Hours: and have.
Faculty Office Hours: exposed at at your docker file and you started it up you'll be able to get to this even though there's things running container on port 8080.
Faculty Office Hours: dot that exposed command and docker file you don't have that you're not saying hey I allow connections to add internally and, if you like, said in the in the run command and deploy script to go back to your point skip.
Faculty Office Hours: Over right there.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah see Ray said docker run.
Karen Fireman: yeah maybe yeah the Ad at this time.
Karen Fireman: This is the answer.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's inside outside so you're looking at and then your slash chaos F library right so.
Karen Fireman: What does imagine, I don't have any slashes.
Karen Fireman: would even slash.
Faculty Office Hours: But i'll show you so.
Karen Fireman: Like a letter yeah later I did.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah that's in your Python file.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So now, this file left that's the file you use to create your your chaos live or one last go real quick back to your.
Karen Fireman: Case second wait a second this.
Karen Fireman: And this is yours.
Faculty Office Hours: Is that's my.
Faculty Office Hours: Go go.
Karen Fireman: go over to the left one.
Faculty Office Hours: They can close that one.
Faculty Office Hours: You know, to your chaos live or.
Faculty Office Hours: lecture go over one that's your copy.
Karen Fireman: Chief boost.
Karen Fireman: settings here so you're not asking that you're saying which one, are you saying this.
Faculty Office Hours: To go to that one yes.
Karen Fireman: Okay sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: So So you see right there when I talk about the slash so you have that car, you have the slash says Hello world under APP route.
Faculty Office Hours: Is the rude.
Faculty Office Hours: And then you have slash chaos F Labor.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so that that means we have we're exposing to URL paths are our flask server here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's fine I did this on purpose of the test, so now is your So if you go to your command prompt where you have this.
Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So let's go your command prompt.
Karen Fireman: And i've put it into I want to put it into this one right into that.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, so if Dr there.
Faculty Office Hours: Get rid of that CD for a second oh backspace type Dr.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Karen Fireman: My hold on a second.
Faculty Office Hours: homework to maybe.
Karen Fireman: yeah that's exactly where I want to go.
Faculty Office Hours: So let's go in there and let's do a Dr least let me see what you got there.
Karen Fireman: yeah and then they.
Karen Fireman: are not the case library docker this one.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so CD in there.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: Did you are.
Karen Fireman: Then you get the ones in there.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so you to deploy, and so I go into.
Karen Fireman: It yeah in the end here are the other way.
Faculty Office Hours: Because CD that's src.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, what I do is.
Karen Fireman: I want to.
Faculty Office Hours: there's one in there, our to Dr.
Faculty Office Hours: That should have your cancer lot run and then static go to see the static.
Karen Fireman: yeah I changed that one too.
Faculty Office Hours: And that should be your debt file that should be.
Karen Fireman: Here I put them.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, perfect so let's go let's see dot dot and then enter and then CD dot dot and enter and Alice just type deploy and see what happens to see if you get any.
Karen Fireman: Women don't have to do the more deploy not command.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, no, the more deploy was just I was just showing.
Faculty Office Hours: let's do this first type and deploy and hit enter, so the more or deploy that's just the show that out that's just I was just in class I was the more command just shows you.
Faculty Office Hours: it's like a way to read a text file on a command prompt right so just get under boy wouldn't want to make sure nothing your case library is not.
Karen Fireman: Employee I don't say command.
Faculty Office Hours: Now you don't have to say document it's understood.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so it was open Okay, so you know.
Faculty Office Hours: So now now let's just type deploy and let's see what happens.
Karen Fireman: It was working.
Faculty Office Hours: OK now, I believe.
I missed.
Faculty Office Hours: everything looks right for me.
Faculty Office Hours: So now, if you go back, while that's running if you go back to your notepad real quick.
Faculty Office Hours: actually take a look here, let me go back i'm sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: I apologize here.
Faculty Office Hours: Well, I changed my mind, I wanted to see the commands this so your doctor, so I see your doctor ran run the liquid got any errors or anything.
Karen Fireman: No, I don't think it matters like I said prayers before, but I had capitals in there.
Faculty Office Hours: it's a circle back to notepad plus plus.
Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: Because I think I think you made a copy so she really said copy kf library last test test click.
Karen Fireman: The real one that might not be ranked well, it could be, it could be.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah So you see right there see where you have your URL or you have 127.
Karen Fireman: kasler yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So now you have that you've changed your you've got your text json dumps for one line that's right and you got your second yeah you have your three live scroll down.
Karen Fireman: yeah I put them I put them in.
Karen Fireman: The right.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Karen Fireman: yeah so scroll down I did all the same line I haven't changed it yet it's on mark down at the bottom.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh yeah yeah you're right the promise right yeah so just just run that and so, if you open that up as code.
Karen Fireman: I did see what I didn't run wait a minute that's what i'm getting at.
Faculty Office Hours: let's see okay let's see what error, you get.
file file.
Karen Fireman: and see that's my test file right.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's probably just straight in homework, too, I would.
Faculty Office Hours: bet maybe.
I think.
Karen Fireman: This one right.
Faculty Office Hours: Now yeah yeah.
Karen Fireman: yeah that's what i'm opening and then i'll run it at the.
Karen Fireman: store right run this file and current file.
Faculty Office Hours: And window yeah.
Karen Fireman: And that's that's where it has a problem it just find that URL.
Faculty Office Hours: let's see know.
Faculty Office Hours: Your work your work you're working you're done.
Karen Fireman: Before with.
Faculty Office Hours: The error message I.
Faculty Office Hours: got was, but you might have just had it, you might have just been in some state where you didn't realize that it stopped and then you forgot to hit deploy again.
Karen Fireman: But you're gonna think maybe I had to underplay or close out or something.
Possibly.
Faculty Office Hours: They would happen is you probably so here's what probably happened, you did deployed, and it did the image right.
Karen Fireman: Right right.
Faculty Office Hours: And then try to run and got an error right.
Karen Fireman: Right.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, and the error was probably because, like you said, because the capital, so you went and changed the capitals, could you debug that you put a lowercase.
Faculty Office Hours: Right, then you.
Faculty Office Hours: can deploy again.
Karen Fireman: Right.
Faculty Office Hours: But the image was already built with the capital, so it can't override that image it was already built.
Faculty Office Hours: You needed to do so in that and deploy that.
Faculty Office Hours: Time.
Faculty Office Hours: Stopping the server container and removing the container and i'm removing the image and I didn't deploy script.
Faculty Office Hours: You don't really necessarily run that like it's not something you run after you it's like it's I put that off there's a cleanup script so that when you're debugging you hit and deploy you get rid of everything you fix your code you type deploying a running right.
Karen Fireman: that's what happened.
that's exactly.
Karen Fireman: Thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: Your cake Karen.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah lie to you, I told you, if you sat down for a few hours you figured out right.
Karen Fireman: He was five hours, I want to be honest with everybody.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Karen Fireman: If I say, but you were right.
Faculty Office Hours: You were right yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: You did so, so you think about this, you guys are learning stuff that i've bit like weeks before trying to teach my it data science people how to do and say still didn't get it so.
Karen Fireman: Well, you made it really easy after we after we struggled this little this little three commands is pretty straightforward.
Faculty Office Hours: that's why I did it this way because, for me, you know I speak a lot like I speak 1015 times a year pre pre coven right.
Faculty Office Hours: at conferences someone Dr someone Python seminar someone database stuff and azure in the cloud and and what i've learned is, if you can bundle stuff up for people and a reusable piece of code, they can learn and so that's why I do it the way I do it, and so.
Faculty Office Hours: So there you go so sorry, are you good Carol i'll see if I else has any questions.
Karen Fireman: i'm great Thank you all right.
Faculty Office Hours: So who has who asked questions.
Clay Coleman: So I wouldn't quick when I did the homework but I did it on I don't know if there was a specific script you wanted us to do, I just made sure I did one job 11 what i'm pickle or was there a specific.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah So if you lose the instruction, this is do one with pickle.
Clay Coleman: Right, I did that.
Faculty Office Hours: For example, and then use one with the.
Faculty Office Hours: ml the the.
Faculty Office Hours: The.
Faculty Office Hours: The pipelines and the job line so there's one job live, which is just this was just just basic.
Faculty Office Hours: But the one I want you to do is the one that uses job live and those ml pipelines and psychic learn So if you notice in the home week and the week, one that I have pickle I have job live with that have one that's like job lines and job live like ml pipelines, let me see if I can.
Faculty Office Hours: crashing my machine decided to turn off on me oh my battery's dead apparently.
Karen Fireman: You talking about this one worker last homework.
Faculty Office Hours: he's talking about last homework.
Karen Fireman: Oh okay.
Faculty Office Hours: Right play.
Clay Coleman: Yes, yeah yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah So if you if you open up the week one downloads you'll see pickle you'll see job live I think there's one that says like job live DEMO pipelines, I think.
Clay Coleman: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: My personal.
Faculty Office Hours: Personal laptop died on me so.
Karen Fireman: I had that happen also play I did the job live after the first one, and then I found it Oh, he wanted us new job live on his job like one he had one with wine, I think, or or or iris or something that had job blind person.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I think it's iris is the one for the job live with the pipelines so i'll i'll when we get off this call i'll send announced without everybody cuz it sounds like some people were confused and then i'll just that way people will know.
Clay Coleman: yeah I did I did the extra boost on both of them.
Karen Fireman: that's that's what I had done also and then I realized he wanted something different.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah what the ml pipelines, I wanted to show you how you so the cool thing about those psychic learn pipelines.
Faculty Office Hours: is, if you look at that code, you can do multiple different things, and then you have a way where you can test to see which one was the best one, and then you say that out, and then that becomes your.
Faculty Office Hours: Then that becomes the model you use right so it's kind of like it's kind of like showing you how enterprise minor does things right, where you pick the the.
Faculty Office Hours: Five different things that you're trying to test, and then you put them all together into like an evaluation node and it tells you this was the best one and that's the one who uses right.
Faculty Office Hours: that's the same thing those ml pipelines and psychic learn are doing right, so you had like I forget, which I forget the examples I use off top my head, but.
Faculty Office Hours: I hope my laptop just died on me, I have to go get my on my iPad so.
Faculty Office Hours: If you don't mind Karen.
Faculty Office Hours: I appreciate it.
Faculty Office Hours: I was gonna open it up on my iPad, but if you can share it.
Karen Fireman: Okay, see you wanted to go to i'm just so you told me but tell me again.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah just go to the week one folder.
yeah.
Clay Coleman: Karen i've already got it i'm working on right now here i'll just.
Karen Fireman: Make it.
perfect.
Clay Coleman: Oh yeah okay.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you're right he was asking about the homework being do it's do a week from this coming Thursday, so you have two weeks from last Thursday for homework, too, so what we do this Thursday but next.
Faculty Office Hours: So yeah so.
Faculty Office Hours: You see, the.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah i'm not sure where you're at so that is not the right right one that's just job live right So if you look at your.
Clay Coleman: Job live ml pipeline.
Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: Is that the pipeline okay I got you I see yeah yeah see aren't there yet your pipeline right and you're going to standardize on a random forest restaurant you're saving out to job live yeah that's it that's all i'm expecting.
Faculty Office Hours: that's it.
Clay Coleman: I assume, is it, I mean I already submitted it with the other one, I just want.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah just resubmit.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, yeah and if it doesn't let you like if it doesn't give you like povey or set those up for me and for some reason was set up for only one submission, let me know and i'll i'll i'll fix it and make sure you can do multiple and don't worry i'm not i'm not super like.
Clay Coleman: crazy.
Faculty Office Hours: Like.
Clay Coleman: This is.
Faculty Office Hours: Like one minute I.
Faculty Office Hours: know you know if you come to me like the next day and say oh man I just realized I did it wrong and already submitted i'll take it right, if I hadn't read yet doesn't matter right.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so i'm not super I want you guys to get your capstones done, and so I tried to make the homework fairly easy and make it educational.
Faculty Office Hours: Right try to make it.
Faculty Office Hours: seem to be.
Clay Coleman: tough, but what is it actually now see there's the iris one is this the one i'm using this one, no, no, where is it oh I moved it.
Clay Coleman: red wine.
hey.
Clay Coleman: So not wait on me.
Faculty Office Hours: You must have created that one, I think.
Karen Fireman: Maybe even move.
Faculty Office Hours: You might have created that one.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah but see the problem looking at that that's shouldn't be your homework is that has the red wine data, so you want to you, you want to get your own data right.
Clay Coleman: And and use your own data for the oh yeah.
Clay Coleman: No, I did I did for that one I say i've got back no.
Clay Coleman: I gotcha gotcha just really it's just it's just named that.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah let's see.
Clay Coleman: So that's the one, so this is the.
Faculty Office Hours: One that picks, this is the one I did right that's the one I think yeah I don't think I asked you in the homework don't do the whole picture thing.
Faculty Office Hours: you're welcome to do that, I just wanted to show, I just wanted to be able to see where you were able to use pipelines and psychic learn save your model out and do it, but if you want to get fancy and do the intricate save out and all.
Clay Coleman: That you're welcome.
Clay Coleman: Okay right.
Faculty Office Hours: get one pipeline and trained it and then save it and do it you're fine right, I just want to make sure that you get that little fancy pipeline syntax I just want that that dictionary there, I just want to make sure you can do that that's all alright.
cool.
Clay Coleman: Now rename that.
Karen Fireman: How do we know that we did it.
Karen Fireman: i'm a little wondering.
Faculty Office Hours: So a clay sure your code real quick.
Clay Coleman: Sure sure.
Karen Fireman: sure.
Clay Coleman: I just wanted to rename it OK.
Clay Coleman: OK.
Clay Coleman: I see Rachel there's a Heidi nine.
Faculty Office Hours: This that pipe rf Karen that pipeline, if you have that pipeline command in there, and you have a job lined load and job like dumping your code works that's all you need for the second one does that make sense.
Karen Fireman: Well it's funny when you said I had all this checking and doing and I was like wait a minute, maybe I didn't.
Faculty Office Hours: know what he was asking is if.
Faculty Office Hours: You look at my iris example I have open my iris example up yeah she right there, I have three pipelines I constructed.
Faculty Office Hours: And then I have.
Faculty Office Hours: That I have where I go through, and then I have identified the most accurate model, and so, then I look at I iterate through each one of these three I did up there, I iterate through them and I save how, whatever their their accuracy that kind of what their accuracy was I use that as.
Karen Fireman: A.
Faculty Office Hours: Bad term you know their evaluation and then, whatever one end up being the highest I mean I set that to be the best model and that's the one I save out so if you look around you the job like don't align 57 you see we're saving out best.
Karen Fireman: pipeline yes.
Faculty Office Hours: And it's using the variable best pipe.
Faculty Office Hours: and basically what i'm doing is I have for pipes and unit line 38 i'm looping through for pipe and pipelines.
Faculty Office Hours: I have been.
Karen Fireman: X and train the best one.
Faculty Office Hours: For each one of those pipes and if you see pipelines, is a list of the three pipelines I built the above.
Faculty Office Hours: And then I built a dictionary, so I can oh zero is logistic regression want to support vector to his decision tree and then I looked through.
Faculty Office Hours: And that that gives me that good so that gives a look through those three with that that for loop fit in the model, and then I compare the accuracies right.
Faculty Office Hours: Then the bottom, then the next stuff I say okay send some variables up called best pie best accuracy best seal off and then I just loop through the the pipelines.
Faculty Office Hours: You know the models I bill and I save out and I just evaluate and if it's greater than.
Faculty Office Hours: But if it's as I look at the first one, I set what the best accuracy is and if it's greater than best accuracy can see rest of the variable called zero dot zero for best accuracy.
Faculty Office Hours: So I looked at the first one, of course, like the first one to look at it's going to be the only what i'm looking at that set best accuracy of the model is.
Faculty Office Hours: Whatever it was that one so, then I get to the second one I compare it to the first one to see if the best accuracy score is and if it's greater I set my best accuracy.
Karen Fireman: Well, so that's yeah i'm with you, I understand that logic I got you down.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, at the other day, at the end, when I look at all three best accuracy that becomes my best pipe that's the one I save out and then I pray it, you know, save blank pipeline to file best pipe so.
Karen Fireman: Okay, I got it, but now the room and do we didn't actually have to do this, you.
Faculty Office Hours: have to do that, you don't have to do.
Karen Fireman: Okay okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So extra credit if you did not so So if you if you go back to his want he's turned it turned and he just he has the one pipeline he fits the model he does their prediction, you know saves it out good some that's that's all I expected.
Karen Fireman: we're using too much time on something that i'm sorry that wasn't.
Faculty Office Hours: done oh you're fine, I have a feeling people have the same question okay.
Karen Fireman: Thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, who else has questions, how much time we got left we got about 17 minutes or so.
Christian Gover: don't forget.
Karen Fireman: That src to make that change.
Faculty Office Hours: Sorry.
Karen Fireman: They have to go in that src to make the change.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh yeah for homework too yeah.
Karen Fireman: yeah what is it will run the right file.
Christian Gover: So on homework happy covers setting up, but in docker file an image.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, that's what I walked through in class, so I kind of showed you how to set up a docker file so really the way I would start with homework to is is I would copy I would create a new folder called like homework to.
Faculty Office Hours: A lot of the copy in there would be the red wine flask folder and then I would copy alongside that red wine glass folder i've i've copied the red one last test Python file.
Faculty Office Hours: right next to it, and then I read, I remain in to do with red wine to your name to your data set right.
Faculty Office Hours: And then I would go in and open up the all those files in the red wine name it to your data set and lowercase.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, what you see as you when you look through there when you look in that red wine flats folder you're going to see the the source and folder in there and inside of there you're going to see the Python run Python script that's running for the.
Faculty Office Hours: That gets run the container started right, you also see a folder called static that has your safe file from your pickle file for when you built your model for homework one right, so you got an update that with that.
Faculty Office Hours: And so the kind of the idea is you just go through those and then files update it to match your stuff make sure you copy in your your.
Faculty Office Hours: Save file overriding mind and replace it with mine and then there's that test script that you can run to test it right so it's not really part of the.
Faculty Office Hours: You know it's not part of the the container itself it's just a standalone test scripts so that we can test to make sure, once we get our container stuff set up and running.
Faculty Office Hours: It we can test the say hey like what Karen just showed us right, where she had her, she got her container image built from the docker file or container started with the docker run command.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, a visual studio code she went to that that that that flash test script I have out there and then she put in her parameters for her test data and she ran it and then that tested against her.
Faculty Office Hours: Her.
Faculty Office Hours: model yeah Thank you Karen.
Faculty Office Hours: sorry she had her homework too.
Karen Fireman: So you see, like this guy you which one do you want to do first.
Faculty Office Hours: let's go straight to her to first start with homework to right there.
Karen Fireman: Is I took his red wine and I copied it in and I.
Karen Fireman: replaced the name and I called him can't cancel docker right here.
Faculty Office Hours: And then she also copied in the flask test script right here.
Karen Fireman: right there so.
Karen Fireman: Now i've been in most file from the first homework but this I put somewhere else later.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you put somewhere else later.
Faculty Office Hours: So really at this level, you really only need.
Faculty Office Hours: Your folders going to be your doctor or your docker image container docker file is now and then their test scripts right that makes sense.
Karen Fireman: To hear.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, then inside there the deploy and command script like if you if you edit those.
Karen Fireman: amazing it was one note with.
Faculty Office Hours: A notepad plus plus yep sorry where to go.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah notepads just down at the bottom as probably already open this probably waiting okay so really all you're going to change their mind i'll say like wine quality, maybe and you'll change this to be whatever you want for years right.
Karen Fireman: And that's what I call my Kansas library.
Faculty Office Hours: And that's when this.
Karen Fireman: Should that file.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's going to change that file So then, if you go back to the folder you're gonna have an unemployed file.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, if you.
Karen Fireman: Right click and notepad.
Faculty Office Hours: So see right here that I think mine says one quality change it to yours right that's an ethical back to explore Karen, thank you for driving appreciate it.
Faculty Office Hours: So then either.
Faculty Office Hours: file So if you right click on that and then.
Faculty Office Hours: And then.
Karen Fireman: thing I changed was mine name again.
Faculty Office Hours: bought at the bottom here so that's going to be, whatever your Python script is and where to go there next so she went, that is the name of your mom okay mine says like red wine quality.
Karen Fireman: glass Brian so that.
Karen Fireman: That file is sitting right.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, no, no, that files go back go back into your folder right there Karen top folder yeah so that's that so that's the source.
Karen Fireman: yeah so that.
Faculty Office Hours: So you're right click that and Edit that with notepad plus plus.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Faculty Office Hours: That one that.
Karen Fireman: Only thing I changed was here.
Faculty Office Hours: here.
Faculty Office Hours: And then go down a little.
here.
Karen Fireman: Here are the my file that my pickle file yep.
Karen Fireman: And then down here.
Faculty Office Hours: You got to change your you gotta change the name.
Karen Fireman: All these things, the all those and.
Faculty Office Hours: that's it.
idols.
Faculty Office Hours: That for you got to make that match your data.
Karen Fireman: Right That was my data titles my column titles and then.
Faculty Office Hours: That sit on that one yeah so what that becomes as that's and then so requirements.
Karen Fireman: As something here.
Faculty Office Hours: yo you because you did extra boost Karen you had.
Karen Fireman: Everybody will.
Faculty Office Hours: didn't have to actually boost some people might not if you'd actually boost job to add extra boost in your requirements so that yeah.
Karen Fireman: yeah and then save and then the settings to be changed.
Faculty Office Hours: settings to change anything, there you just got to make sure it's there.
Karen Fireman: yeah okay.
Faculty Office Hours: statics a static list there.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, and the euro it's.
Faculty Office Hours: just going to.
Faculty Office Hours: copy all.
Karen Fireman: That stuff typical file.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you got a copy that in there.
Faculty Office Hours: From as because yeah from homework one and that's because if you go back to that Python file Karen and.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah right there that one right there that is using the.
Faculty Office Hours: that's because if you scroll up here for me right there see where it says scroll down just a little bit just a little more.
Faculty Office Hours: See, where it says APP static online 35.
Faculty Office Hours: That APP static is a variable in that settings file tennis.
Faculty Office Hours: Python it says.
Faculty Office Hours: Go to the to this to the root directory and then it's a static to look through your pickle file.
Faculty Office Hours: And then the last thing that changes if you go back to your windows explorer is you want to change your test scripts so that you can test it to go up.
Karen Fireman: couple directories one more.
Karen Fireman: One more yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So then, this is the last that bottom there.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: If you look at this file, this is the one this is not, this is not part of your docker container.
Faculty Office Hours: This is just a.
Faculty Office Hours: test prep to test your culture, change your URL there and then you gotta change your json dumps to match your.
Faculty Office Hours: First there was 012 or three rows of data.
Karen Fireman: During tech.
Faculty Office Hours: Make that matters and that's it and then you know and then what you do is once you make all these file changes you go to the command prompt right.
Karen Fireman: Now, and go.
Faculty Office Hours: deploy script.
here.
Karen Fireman: And then I did the deploy yeah.
Karen Fireman: So you don't want to type before no I didn't go to the right directory.
Faculty Office Hours: CD I go to the right directory to do a di are there for me Karen.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: The Dir so that's the directory that has deployed and deployed and those that so so what you want to do is, if you don't run deploy first, because you haven't.
Faculty Office Hours: You know if you haven't deployed your your container and started it, but if you are, if you have it's already running and you got an error and you have to fix it.
Faculty Office Hours: You can type and deploy design and deploy it and deploy it and then you can fix your already deployed you don't want to deploy Karen because you're you're you're already deployed right now.
Karen Fireman: Right right.
Faculty Office Hours: So you're already up and running, so if you type and deploy now, it will make it go it'll it'll remove the container of the image and then you'd have to type deploy again to run it right.
Karen Fireman: And then you can go into the explorer fine.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah So if you go to visual studio code and you if you install the if you install the docker a.
Faculty Office Hours: Little wheel on the bottom left there.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you can see stuff running, but then like you said, if you go to your code what he's showing you there you take your test script and then you run it in your active window and should work, so if you're an announcement on air right because you have deployed right.
Karen Fireman: yeah deployed it.
Karen Fireman: But yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: But if you deploy it like.
Faculty Office Hours: Once you deploy it and it's working right, you should get a response that looks like 012 and then sometimes right.
Faculty Office Hours: These guys that matches what your code it whatever you whatever it predicted for your data.
Karen Fireman: Right I didn't put in fresh date I just put in the same data three times.
Faculty Office Hours: That and that is perfectly all right okay.
Faculty Office Hours: that's perfectly fine that's Okay, so the point of this exercise is not to.
Faculty Office Hours: that's Dr jones's class to teach you how to build value models and Python my classes to teach you how to take a bottle in Python and you built and deployed into.
Faculty Office Hours: And microservice architectures and and and clusters and look at the data bricks and and also the teacher some devops and some and some.
Faculty Office Hours: You know agile scrum.
Karen Fireman: So, now that it's in here, you want to be able to see it in here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so now, you see this and I.
Karen Fireman: again.
Faculty Office Hours: Now it's up here united you see your kids.
Faculty Office Hours: into your container running.
Faculty Office Hours: Late also.
Karen Fireman: Right.
Christian Gover: yeah I mean, so I didn't get my test run is that, just like the definition of done just if, as long as the test script right.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah your test run good but.
Christian Gover: yeah Okay, I did that on the second one, and I thought there was more to do.
Faculty Office Hours: No that's it.
Faculty Office Hours: it's it seems simple, but it is.
Christian Gover: I mean, it really is.
Faculty Office Hours: You know, but it's not, as you know you got to make sure you, you know I do this on purpose, because you have something that you can use that right.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, if six months from now, you go I don't know I set up a docker container I got that folder I typed that deploy script I know it'll work right.
Karen Fireman: You know.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's why package, it up and then you can go and look at your code and go Okay, I know what I didn't know because i'll tell you i've been like Oh, for you know, like I said, for almost 40 years.
Faculty Office Hours: And you know i'll look at code, I wrote, three years ago we kind of wrote, six months ago, when I do here, how does this work.
Karen Fireman: When when when we put in that zip file for you, we put in um.
Faculty Office Hours: there's a take.
Faculty Office Hours: All I do care and zip up homework to zip and send that okay.
Faculty Office Hours: homework to zip send me that.
Faculty Office Hours: That has the deploy deploy that has your test Python script that I that I can use to test it and that has your your.
Karen Fireman: Is your docker.
Faculty Office Hours: files and all your stuff to make it work.
Okay cool.
Faculty Office Hours: Think that's what I said to put in there, but i'll double check.
Karen Fireman: It sounds like I.
Clay Coleman: have one other question that was maybe not well it's really the docker but it's not necessarily this part of it.
Clay Coleman: So I noticed so.
Clay Coleman: I have it, I do I mess with docker a lot of work, but I noticed that whenever I create images and containers it just continually creates a new container is there a better way to not make it make a new container every time you do like docker run.
Faculty Office Hours: So, if you look in the deploy script you see where I stopped the container or move it.
Clay Coleman: So if you start.
Faculty Office Hours: painter and remove it, and then you run it again, so I can start another container up for you.
Clay Coleman: Right right right, no, no, I get that I just know that i've noticed that, like i've gone in and pruned my old containers but.
Clay Coleman: I figured I didn't know if there was a way to like you know for atl tools and things like that that run daily, I guess, making a deploy or a script that runs and then.
removed.
Faculty Office Hours: And we'll talk a little about this this this week right so depends on what you're doing right so some things and actually feel about this weekend X and the following week.
Faculty Office Hours: Well, I guess we'll talk about some clouds because some of the service, I can azure they actually will start stop the container as needed for you like they'll actually build the container run it and then shut it down and remove it automatically for you.
Clay Coleman: So.
Faculty Office Hours: They have like Ashley has like these APP services where it's like a it's a you just deploy the Python script and then behind the scenes Microsoft.
Faculty Office Hours: Will wrap that up into a docker container automatically for you spin it up and serve it out free the data.
Faculty Office Hours: And then you use it and then it'll automatically stopping remove it when you're not used to getting charged things like that we'll talk about that a couple of weeks, but.
Faculty Office Hours: Typically, just depends on what you're doing because remember you know when we're talking about this, this is what we're going to cover the next couple weeks to is when we spend these containers up.
Faculty Office Hours: You know there's no cost to you run on your laptop right, but when you get you the work into your business there's going to be a cost, whether you're running them in.
Faculty Office Hours: docker containers on servers you have in your office and there's going to be a cost to whatever that server is and to have it running but it's going to be a fixed costs right it's gonna be like a one time cost to that, whatever that server costs June to and to manage it right.
Faculty Office Hours: But when you're in the cloud, you know if you have containers running all the time they're going to be charging you for that cloud usage right, and so you know you make decisions around.
Faculty Office Hours: How to you might start them up use them and and stop them, and you know remove them because it might be a batch thing you do at night.
Faculty Office Hours: And so yeah you might do kind of like the equivalent we do with deploying underplay where you start them up you do what you do and then you end deploy them and shut them down so that direct making you have cost.
Faculty Office Hours: But then it could be where you're in like a Google Amazon or a large large company where you're using these micro service docker containers to serve out your application.
Faculty Office Hours: But let's say your Amazon, for example, and I don't know if Amazon uses Cooper daddy's and docker containers or not I know Amazon web services supports them, they can run them I don't know.
Faculty Office Hours: If Amazon has a business does this, but if let's say they did when they that's how they gave you Amazon COM.
Faculty Office Hours: server it out as docker containers and for all these rest services well think about black Friday versus or cyber Monday versus like say today right they're going to need.
Faculty Office Hours: 100,000 maybe a million literally a million next capacity to handle black Friday right.
Faculty Office Hours: And so the cool thing we're talking about this and Cooper daddy's the cool thing is is they can auto scale out and all sudden take this one docker image let's say it's a search fun some.
Faculty Office Hours: direction for Amazon and i'm simplifying a little bit right but let's say it's just the rest service that Amazon built for searching Amazon to find something.
Faculty Office Hours: They can take that put it we're talking about this i'm jumping ahead to over how about Thursday right, but they can put that in this docker this docker container in a Cooper daddy's cluster and massively scale it out and down and have it grow and expand to have.
Clay Coleman: it's the same.
Faculty Office Hours: it's the same image across multiple containers and multiple pods and Cooper daddy's and they can scale it up and down, I can auto expand and grow and you set parameters.
Faculty Office Hours: That you can say hey you know if I get more demand scale it out in this group randy's cluttered if I if I don't have the man, I could scale it down work i'm jumping ahead but we're gonna talk about that Thursday.
Clay Coleman: cool cool.
Clay Coleman: yeah yeah I just.
Faculty Office Hours: pointed this class right the whole.
Clay Coleman: class.
Faculty Office Hours: How does this work in the real world, how do we take what we've been learning and in school, the last four semesters.
Faculty Office Hours: and apply it for the real, how do we take and put it in the real world, because you know you know you're not going to download the csv file building a model and then go to your boss, and say Okay, we need to predict, let me know right right my script again no.
Clay Coleman: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: You want to build a little bit we'll put it in a package into an application and the cool thing about docker is, we can package our software up in this nice micro service container called docker containers docker images containers and serve them out yeah.
Clay Coleman: Now i've been using.
Clay Coleman: i've been using it worked for about two months now, and it's amazing.
Clay Coleman: we've been able to.
Clay Coleman: I just.
Clay Coleman: I just feel like I know the tip of the iceberg that's.
Clay Coleman: So trying to figure out.
Faculty Office Hours: The probably, the more you realize right my experience, and it is a lot of times I think there's more to stuff.
Faculty Office Hours: Since it's not as bad as it used to be, when I was first starting 20 years younger the older people that are like my age now because i'm older person that idea now it's.
Faculty Office Hours: Like they want to make you think is this black magic box right and you'll learn some day some that I will teach you yeah so, but then you get there's like wait i've been doing that for the last 20 years like yeah you learn I got to make you think there's more to it.
Faculty Office Hours: And so what you'll keep doing it, but yeah I mean i'm joking a little bit right but.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you know it's it's a go or no go and we're going to talk to and that's this week on a i'm going to go over docker will more three emphasize it for some people, for people who are still you know.
Faculty Office Hours: So you know kind of go over to get a little bit ramp you know we talked a little about docker break it down a bit more, and then go into Cooper daddy's and.
Faculty Office Hours: How do we take what we're doing and run it and scale and you won't have a homework assignment for that, because I can't really assign you a homework assignment that will make you go try to run a service that cost several thousand dollars so but.
Faculty Office Hours: I will show you an action and i'll show you how it works and and I have to give you the scripts and stuff to play with it, if you wanted to, and a hazard, but you know if you hear that constant little sounds of a Weber it's my three pound yorkie bothering me hello, I can hear the little.
Little well.
Monica A. Harwig: I guess I got a question.
Faculty Office Hours: hey mom.
Monica A. Harwig: All right, okay so it's a basic question.
Faculty Office Hours: You missed basic question our That was the first half of our class no.
Monica A. Harwig: joke joke yeah yeah.
Monica A. Harwig: But okay something with homework, one only dumb question I have is the head.
Monica A. Harwig: On the export the current environment to gamble file oh sure I did it, I mean I just did it and it's.
Monica A. Harwig: I mean it didn't like I put in the command in there.
What you said.
Monica A. Harwig: And it entered in there's just nothing it didn't really it just went back to the base the windows.
Faculty Office Hours: 32 so yeah okay so.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so it dumped it in your windows system 32 what I would recommend is launcher prompt again.
Faculty Office Hours: activate your environment again and then CD like CD to a different folder other than windows system 32.
Faculty Office Hours: Like and then, and then you can dump it there, or you can open windows explorer go to windows system 32.
Faculty Office Hours: And look for why ml file so because, like when you type that command and had the name the file, while if you go to if you open up windows explorer and go to like see windows system 32.
Faculty Office Hours: Inside us see windows system 32 you're going to find the name of that file via email, and you can just copy that and just move it somewhere else.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay, so.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, if if none of that makes sense.
Monica A. Harwig: kinda does.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I mean what you can do is is you can like send you your launch your kind of prompt and then you can like CD to like.
Faculty Office Hours: You know CD to C colon slash user slash your username and then like document.
Faculty Office Hours: And then run that contacts or command and they'll dump it there, but you should go find it and in the sea or or the other thing you could do make it easier on yourself to if you can't get to see windows system 32.
Faculty Office Hours: If you launch the kind of prompt not as administrator.
Faculty Office Hours: You should be able to you should be able to activate your environment still and then run the contact sport command and it will dump it into a folder that's easy to get to but yeah if you look in the sea window system 32 folder it should be there.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay, great okay that that do that.
Faculty Office Hours: Does that make sense.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah and then the other question I had was on this.
Monica A. Harwig: What this command means on the second, so this what is conduct.
Monica A. Harwig: End create your file name, and this is.
Monica A. Harwig: dash and dash me, does that mean delete me.
Faculty Office Hours: say that again.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Please delete me that was just me showing you how to the command to like hey i'm showing you how I want to create a new environment from the animal file and I was just.
Faculty Office Hours: it's it's it nerd stuff we're like it's it's when we show demos and it's so that three months from now, when I look at my environments.
Faculty Office Hours: I won't have like another environment that I don't know what it is, and so I see tell me that needs to leave me that was just the just something I was showing from a DEMO so.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so basically what you like a real real more example would be like you export your current environment to gamble file.
Faculty Office Hours: And you were you would do this as like and then kind of the route and then we'll world is like I created the environment, unlike the senior developer or project.
Faculty Office Hours: And we're dealing with Python products and I create the environment with all the right versions of packages and stuff we need I export that gamma fall, I sent it out all my peers and say hey.
Faculty Office Hours: run this GMO file or create the environment, you need to write code, so that we're all.
Faculty Office Hours: On the same versions of packages same version of Python and the same environment names, so that when we start deploying our code up together we're all using the same versions of stuff so that's one reason why I do this.
Faculty Office Hours: For command the other reason would be is hey I want to clone this environment with all these same packages for another project and so like I usually named my.
Faculty Office Hours: kinda environments based more on a project name right so let's say like red wine 36 to be doing red line quality classification and i'm using Python three six i'm a Colorado 936 is my current environment.
Faculty Office Hours: Well let's say I want to start using Python three seven, but I can take that that the mo file edit it updated to three seven update package versions and then.
Faculty Office Hours: And then run it and call it red line 37 and now it'll recreate that environment for me or I can say hey I want to start testing the new versions of the packages.
Faculty Office Hours: I can export out my red wine 36 to mo file and then run that condo create command with the mo follow on call it, you know you know red line 36.
Faculty Office Hours: version two or something or something right, and then I can start upgrading packages inside of that so this so I can clone my.
Faculty Office Hours: Environment and start updating packages in there and what that does is I don't have my old environment and I have my new environment.
Faculty Office Hours: And if something's not working right my new environment, I still have my old environment out there, with all the versions of the packages, I was using so I can keep.
Faculty Office Hours: You know I can go back to that if I need to because what I see happening is most people don't create any environments, they work in base.
Faculty Office Hours: And they update packages and basically always working based install new packages, the base, and then they break their stuff right, and so, by using the packaging.
Faculty Office Hours: By using the kind of environment manager creating new environments for each one of your projects, you can control, you can control your.
Faculty Office Hours: Your projects so that you're always using the same version packages, or if you need to go to new versions, you can take what you have clone it create a new environment from that clones that DEMO file.
Faculty Office Hours: you're welcome Karen.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay, great well that makes perfect sense I appreciate it.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah no worries.
Karen Fireman: He put up the the upload for the number two.
Faculty Office Hours: Is they're not there.
Karen Fireman: Nine and see it and i'll say you're giving away 10 points for free right.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I did that, last year I just really glad you pointed out, the.
Faculty Office Hours: template for free, I totally you know, last year I did the same thing and I, and I totally forgot, and so I forgot to update the I forgot to update the the grading system.
Karen Fireman: So you get certainly like.
Karen Fireman: it's like the SAP she got 200 points for me.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah hey hey Mr you want say hi to everybody say.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me, let me get the camera on so y'all can say hi misty here let's put misty.
Faculty Office Hours: To hi miss miss he's like i've been home all day because.
Faculty Office Hours: My dad.
Faculty Office Hours: My dad went to work for the first time, and since.
Faculty Office Hours: Kofi just.
Karen Fireman: Work for the first time.
Faculty Office Hours: To the office.
Karen Fireman: that's what I mean yeah.
Karen Fireman: Yes.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh wow yeah it was just because we had all day meeting and they're like hey some of us are people been going into the offices like.
Faculty Office Hours: A while ago, like some.
Karen Fireman: PP nice if they waited till we all got shots but.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah we it's no one's there right and so it's.
Faculty Office Hours: it's a you know we're all kind of separated right so, and so I needed fixing all right, no, no, no.
Karen Fireman: cutie you okay well thanks i'm going to drop off Thank you.
guys.
Christian Gover: Say don't don't leave, yet I had a question.
Christian Gover: On the last one here now.
Christian Gover: yeah yeah so on the neural network stuff yeah I was wondering how the charisse neural network.
Christian Gover: comparison to the jump one.
Faculty Office Hours: your mother should not.
Karen Fireman: listen to you later i'm going to listen to the.
Faculty Office Hours: recordings or.
Karen Fireman: The recording hey thanks goodbye.
goodbye.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, sorry one second.
Christian Gover: No worries.
Faculty Office Hours: Getting rid of the dogs.
Faculty Office Hours: alright.
Christian Gover: you're not kicking no.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no she's crazy she's like she's she's she's aggravating the the other one.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so go ahead and i'm sorry.
Christian Gover: yeah yeah so I was wondering how the the.
Christian Gover: tensorflow neural network comparison and performance to the jump neural network.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah and I don't haven't really played a lot with either one i'm, to be honest with you i'm not a neural net expert per se and I had to build some of them.
Faculty Office Hours: And I haven't i've never really played a lot with the jump ones, yet Dr Jones to be the person who really asked that question I don't know how much he's done with a jump but you know you, you have to here's here's the thing jump is a great tool right.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah but john's going to be limited, not going to answer the this because I do know this right so jump is gonna be limited to what neural net since doing.
Faculty Office Hours: With charisse tensorflow, you have the whole.
Faculty Office Hours: package of pipe on to do all kinds of different neural nets deeper, and you know recurrent neural nets convolution neural nets, this one we're doing here is just a simple sequential.
Faculty Office Hours: You know dense kind of kind of similar what you see like enterprise monitor on that price similar to jump So these are probably similar in.
Faculty Office Hours: in scope, you know this one I forgot my mind has offered how many layers I have right and drop outs and stuff and so in jump they're giving you the capabilities to build some neural nets.
Faculty Office Hours: But you know you only have so many layers you can do forget it's been a while, since I played with a jump in there on that interface right.
Faculty Office Hours: But you know they have to scope it down to an interface, where you put some parameters in it running right, whereas with Paris tensorflow you can do.
Faculty Office Hours: an unlimited amount of different types of things depend on how much computing processing power.
Faculty Office Hours: And things like you have right, and so you can start really coding in your own type of algorithms using their libraries to do that right so it's the difference between you know, having.
Faculty Office Hours: Complete code access to do what you need to a canned application where somebody has to write the code in the background, gives you an interface to put into parameters and run it right so.
Christian Gover: yeah that's what I felt like the junk I didn't have very many options to pick.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I think jump it's just.
Faculty Office Hours: A pretty active look at the documentation I haven't looked at a couple years I mean or probably like a year and a half or two.
Faculty Office Hours: I haven't looked at the documentation, but my guess is they're pretty straight forward cal artificial neural nets with just certain amount of layers.
Faculty Office Hours: You know and and I don't know if they're if they're back propagation or things like that right so.
Faculty Office Hours: Now I forget I have rest with this, you know we can set dropouts back replication we can do recurrent neural nets, we can do you know convolution neural nets know in so we have all these capabilities, because we have full access to the code right.
Christian Gover: yeah i'm just thinking i'm wondering if it's worth trying out the curious one because for my caps I use the jump neural network and i'm trying to improve my MIC and so.
Faculty Office Hours: So here's what I would suggest right.
Faculty Office Hours: So you know we're going to be having to get your capstone turns in here shortly right So if you don't have your presentation tied up are ready to go do that first.
Faculty Office Hours: And if at the once you have that ready if you still have week or two or time and you want to play with doing the doing this kind of I gave you.
Faculty Office Hours: And play with it and see if you can build a better model with it knock yourself out right.
Faculty Office Hours: You know I don't want to happen is have you start trying to play with this.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, all sudden you're like oh shoot I got three days I had to get my my presentation together they're like Why would you been doing that was trying to get Dr your Professor john says, I love doctor Professor johnston's code working.
Faculty Office Hours: And then admire me why are they tried it, I was like oh.
Christian Gover: i'm just trying to improve what you know what I submitted it was back in like May of last year, I was in a data science challenge so i'm just trying to like improve on on my submission, I came in fifth just by submitting a jump neural network.
Faculty Office Hours: that's pretty cool.
Christian Gover: yeah, but I would like to try some of this stuff out but that that makes sense to try to finish up the presentation first and then come back, because I can get lost doing all this like configuration and figuring out like what what's the optimal parameters to set for this neural network.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah you see i'm coming from like.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I don't want I said I would get your presentation together, because if you've got your day then you've done your data wrangling and your data massaging.
Faculty Office Hours: And feature engineering and you know data discovery and then you know, then a model building and everything and you're like I got 67% accuracy, whatever you have right.
Faculty Office Hours: Now i'm just happy.
Faculty Office Hours: that's not a problem right we're not gonna let you go and try to do your capstone I don't know no one's gonna take a look at you know all your models only this right, the data is what it is, you know and sometimes you're just not going to be able to get.
Faculty Office Hours: A great model of the data, you have right and that's just that's just life right and how we do these things, you know.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, but you know we your your capstone stuff doing a few weeks right like about them less less than a month like three four weeks, maybe.
Christian Gover: it's not that you have the first thing is do well, I think that he is doing the 21st of March.
Christian Gover: Yes, and.
Christian Gover: submit the whole thing.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah so you got about a.
Faculty Office Hours: month.
Christian Gover: it's about five weeks right.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so you know if you've already got like some stuff he doesn't jump and you got some things in your in your and your and you know you know and you've been working with your capstone coach you know I would get that get that presentation put together.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, if you want to start playing with you know the code, I gave you to do it then go ahead, you know and yeah five weeks it doesn't take that long to put together a PowerPoint.
Faculty Office Hours: So you know it might be worth taking a week or so and playing with this, but don't you don't don't wait too long right.
Christian Gover: Right.
Faculty Office Hours: That makes sense, I mean that that's my that's my are you in DR Jones is quite a collective.
Christian Gover: Correct yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I mean, I thought I thought you were.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's really good like second half of the classes are going to be just around like tensorflow and all that he's he's super smart.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah anyway so i'm in.
Christian Gover: kind of.
Faculty Office Hours: A neural net he, like he writes his own like neural nets and c++ right oh yeah he's super brilliant like I know when I was.
Faculty Office Hours: School he he taught us, the only cause of summer, when I was the only taught the summer classes saying what you guys took and we didn't have the Python part of that the summer class we just had enterprise minor right and.
Faculty Office Hours: And he he.
Faculty Office Hours: He.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah he was like yeah i'm working on this project with the health back and talk a lot about yeah we're still working on.
Faculty Office Hours: This one, because when kids have epilepsy, and during their sleep and he was just talking about because we're talking about building like logistical aggressions and specificity and sensitivity and.
Faculty Office Hours: You know rock you know rock curves and all that and just talking about like when you're building a vise like that you're you're okay with with.
Faculty Office Hours: Your your Okay, have you know false positives aren't necessarily bad right right good you run in there and it says your kids having a seizure and galleries town asleep that's not a bad thing.
Faculty Office Hours: But you don't want false negatives like you want to wake up in the morning, oh yeah it was a sleepless night yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: We slept the whole night the kid never had an epileptic seizure you get the kids on the bed, you know he had three features that night because the device or building the.
Faculty Office Hours: model, you know predictive negatives, when I was positive right, so he was like he was talking about.
Faculty Office Hours: When he was working on this with one of the big health firms, he was writing the Code, the the actual software code and like c++ or whatever you know are bringing you know per night and see you probably some lower level language than that.
Faculty Office Hours: For the for the actual you know the actual algorithm that are doing so yeah he's he's done a lot of our other he was he was give showed us some websites, when I was in class the two different things, but yeah that's pretty funny.
Christian Gover: Okay, so he'd be the guy that asked about optimizing.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I would definitely I would definitely.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah if you start getting really questions about tensorflow it optimize it hit him up he yeah he's you know.
Faculty Office Hours: I know a little bit about it but i'm not a super super expert on that kind of stuff.
Faculty Office Hours: pipelines and all around teaching you.
Faculty Office Hours: This is what I do for a living, and you know i'm good at this part.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't do that you know if you said hey here's a date I need you to build me an algorithm and.
Faculty Office Hours: And and and and tensorflow I could build you one right.
Faculty Office Hours: But yeah it's have to sit down and work it out and work out the code, I can do it's not a problem I have done it, but when you start getting into like you want real some real good if I saw it for people, I know, Dr Jones just go.
Christian Gover: Okay, all right i'll ask him, and do you have you don't have an example on on a network that predicts.
Christian Gover: Like the quantities, instead of.
Faculty Office Hours: categories actually I mean.
Faculty Office Hours: I mean what i'm doing right now, you can tell what up that when.
Faculty Office Hours: I have to look at this.
Christian Gover: i'm kind of changing careers and i'm running into.
Christian Gover: columns where i'm having to change, like the last functions and all that stuff.
Faculty Office Hours: began, you probably do that you also you.
Faculty Office Hours: If you go look your school look out there for some examples like for like regresses for yes for versus classification and see if.
Faculty Office Hours: you're not going to want hot code your data right that's that's that's part of the class you're not going over one hot and Caribbean data right.
Faculty Office Hours: To remove remove those lines, but they have some pretty decent examples out there on the tensorflow Harris, especially since tensorflow to dotto came out with your with the careless built into it.
Faculty Office Hours: it's a lot used to be right.
Faculty Office Hours: And so that and i've done a lot better job with their documentation is like the one i'm showing you I just model P, I kind of modified some examples already out there to use my data right.
Faculty Office Hours: And so what I would do is just kind of go out to Google tensorflow documentation I think they have some pretty decent examples you could probably pull for what you're trying to do.
Christian Gover: All right, okay.
Faculty Office Hours: If you get stuck if you send me your code, if I have time I can take a look.
Faculty Office Hours: But you know that's probably not going to be available and so.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so.
Christian Gover: You still there.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah i'm here sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: No Karen just texted me.
Faculty Office Hours: back so.
Christian Gover: wow Karen yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Care i'm a capstone coach so we've been.
Faculty Office Hours: So so she so we've been working together for for this fat or fit semester working together, because it's.
Faculty Office Hours: Really, a fourth semester, because first semester you don't know who your capstone coaches yeah we don't do that too, but the like the week before you start your second semester we decided to your capstone coach is going to be.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah oh wow or dogs brought in some bug.
Faculty Office Hours: crawling on me, but the bite me.
geez.
Faculty Office Hours: I got it before it hit me like when I saw it and felt it but yeah yeah take a look like said talk to Dr Jones and then I said I would go look at the examples.
Christian Gover: All right, i'll try that after i've flesh my presentation it's it's almost done I just thought there'd be a good a good idea curious one see if it improves my my prediction I.
Christian Gover: mean Square.
Christian Gover: yeah all right okay well sounds good thanks Jamie.
Faculty Office Hours: Take care.
Christian Gover: Have a good night good night.